well that wasn't how it was supposed to
go
despite his daredevil dive the plan
failed when he was unable to bring
Audrey to the surface in time welcome to
watchmojo.com and today we're counting
down our picks for the top 10 daredevil
stunts gone wrong Carter's friends say
he was particularly worried about last
night's jump but they say he was
desperate to regain the publicity he'd
been losing for the past few years for
this list we're looking at intentional
stunts that went horribly wrong
resulting in either significant injury
or death moments later he became
motionless and remain hanging limply for
nearly half an hour before being brought
down also and we can't stress this
enough do not try this at home
number ten
Jim Bailey falls to his death they
usually last a bit to maybe bet two runs
maybe three runs
Jim Bailey was an amateur Australian
stuntmen and his work was featured on
the television series that's incredible
including a segment where he was dragged
behind a car going about 100 miles an
hour in April 1981 the human torpedo
attempted a stunt which involved hanging
from a single-engine airplane by a strap
and a belt and using the airplane as a
hang glider
however only seconds after takeoff
Bailey's harness snapped and he was left
dangling 500 feet in the air before his
hands finally slipped and he fell to his
death
number nine Ken Carter's rocket
overshoot a stuntman from Montreal
Canada Ken Carter loved rocket-powered
cars
I'm fixin to to get in this car and
who'd always get dead for it for all I
know I could be dead at the end of that
way the mad Canadians first big stunt
attempt involved jumping the st.
Lawrence River a distance of one mile
but health concerns forced him to back
out at the last minute not one to be
deterred
Carter plan to jump over a pond in
Peterborough Ontario with his pontiac
firebird rocket car after a failed first
attempt Carter tried again two months
later however he seemingly overestimated
the jump and how much power to use as
his car cleared the landing ramp and
landed on its roof and he was
immediately killed number 8 Audrey mess
loses consciousness
before losing consciousness and dying
while attempting to beat a world record
messed was a well-known record-setting
freediver
meaning the cheedo without the help of
an oxygen tank a seasoned scuba diver by
13 messed one stove 545 feet off a beach
in the dominican republic while
attempting to beat that record by diving
561 feet her lift balloon malfunctioned
and she lost consciousness on her ascent
back to the surface
she was supine and the water ping-pong
she was underwater for over eight
minutes and died later in hospital
everything was wrong from the beginning
today I mean these like the gods don't
have a little prey to survive that day
number seven
Kylie stalking falls to his death in
stunts involving stuntmen swinging from
a rope through the corona arch a 110
foot arch in the desert near Moab Utah
were going viral on YouTube with one in
particular amassing over 17 million
views a 22 year old man named Kylie
stalking was an amateur stuntman and
thought that replicating the world's
biggest rope swing would provide a
thrill and a challenge unfortunately
stocking made his rope far too long and
instead of swinging through the arch he
ended up falling 140 feet and smashing
into the ground dying on impact number
six
Mathew crashes safety-net collapses
Matt crunch was a 24 year old stuntman
and a part of Scot Mays daredevil stunt
show a touring group of stuntmen known
for their signature pieces that included
this one where a man is fired from a
cannon into a safety net on this
particular day a faulty catch released
the safety net while crashed called the
human cannonball was in the air and it
collapsed as the unaware crash prepared
for his headfirst dive into the net he
instead crashed into the ground
paramedics could do nothing to save him
and he died from his injuries number 5
Samuel cock is paralyzed performing a
stunt on live television is always a
risk not only for your reputation but
also for the sanity of the potential
children watching at home
Samuel cock was performing a stunt
wherein he would jump over moving cars
with a pair of spring-loaded boots on a
German television show vet and das
Oh Oh he miscalculated a jump and he
tumbled over the top of the car landing
on his head and fracturing two vertebrae
he is now paralyzed from the neck down
and his since left the stuck business to
become a stage actor number four
Thailand Ranaut rise hare kills him
salindra not Roy was a Guinness world
record holder from India who currently
holds the record for the farthest
distance traveled on a zip wire using
hair yes his hair he accomplished the
feat on March 1st 2011 when he slid 270
feet not one to simply hold a record he
attempted to beat this in April of 2013
by travelling across the teesta river
however his ponytail became stuck in the
rope wheeler halfway through the stunt
and he was left dangling for over 25
minutes he died on the wire when his
heart failed after paramedics were
unable to reach him in time
number three Pavelka Sheen's botched
backflip Pavelka sheen was a young
russian free runner who attempted all
sorts of dangerous stunts usually it's
staggering heights without the help of
harnesses or any other forms of safety
equipment for this particular stunt
Kushina was doing backflips on the roof
of a 16-story building in front of
onlookers and fans alike while his
friend took photographs machine landed
awkwardly after one flip and lost his
footing slipping and falling 16 stories
to his death while no footage exists of
the accident his friends photos provide
a heartbreaking depiction of his final
moments number two Jane whicker's crash
yeah I'm probably the only person one of
the few in the in the world that
actually will walk in front of the crowd
along the wings of the airplane a safety
line Jane wicker was a professional
stunt woman who partook in various air
shows she was a wing Walker meaning that
she would stand and walk on the wings of
a flying plane without the help of
harnesses or a parachute during the
vector and air show in Ohio as wicker
was performing her famous wing walk her
pilot lost control of the plane and it
began barrel rolling towards Earth
before smashing into the ground and
RUP ting into a ball of flame wicker and
her pilot both died upon impact
before we shock you with our top pick
here are some honorable mentions
I hit a brick wall with my body head-on
at 85 miles an hour number one
Shawn Cunningham's ejection seat
catastrophe in what is perhaps one of
the unluckiest deaths ever Shawn
Cunningham's was a true act of
misfortune a member of the red arrows
the aerobatic team of the British Royal
Air Force Cunningham was a highly
skilled pilot who mastered the art of
aerial stunts
however tragedy struck one day as
Cunningham sat in his Hawk t1 preparing
for takeoff his ejector seat
malfunctioned and sent Cunningham
roughly 200 feet into the air if that
wasn't enough his emergency parachute
then failed to deploy and Cunningham
slammed into the ground where he
immediately died do you agree with our
list can you think of any daredevil
stunts that went wrong for more
harrowing top 10s published every day be
sure to subscribe to watchmojo.com